Dashboard documentation (#215)
LiqoTech/liqo: docs/pages/User/dashboard.md

![Dashboard-UI example](../../images/dashboard/dashboard-ui.png)

## Installing LiqoDash
LiqoDash is installed by default during the installation of Liqo and it is bound to the API server of the cluster where Liqo has been installed.

## Accessing LiqoDash

### Node Port
In order to access the dashboard you need to first get the port on which LiqoDash is exposed, which can be done with the following command:
```
kubectl -n liqo describe svc liqo-dashboard | grep NodePort
```
Which will output:
```
Type:          NodePort
NodePort:      https  32421/TCP
```
In this case, the dashboard has been exposed to the port ``32421``
Now you can access LiqoDash using your master node IP and the service port you just found: ``https://<MASTER_IP>:<LIQODASH_PORT>``

**NOTE: to get your master node IP, you can run ``kubectl get nodes -o wide | grep master``, and take the 
``INTERNAL-IP``**

### Port-Forward
A simple way to access the dashboard with a simpler URL than the one specified above is to use ``kubectl port-forward``.
```
kubectl port-forward -n liqo svc/liqo-dashboard 6443:443
```
To access LiqoDash you can go to:
```
https://localhost:6443
```

> **NOTE: The PORT exposed with the port forward, that in the example is ``6443``, can be any PORT that is not already bound**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**NOTE: The PORT exposed with the port forward, that in the example is ``6443``, can be any PORT that is not already used**
```

> ### About certificates

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Security certificates
```

> For security reasons, LiqoDash runs over HTTPS, which means that a _Certificate_ is needed to setup the TLS connection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For security reasons, LiqoDash runs over HTTPS, which means that a _Certificate_ is needed to establish the TLS connection.
```

> A x509 self signed Certificate is generated when the dashboard is deployed, and **must be accepted** by your browser in order to establish

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A x509 self-signed Certificate is generated when the dashboard is deployed, and **must be accepted** by your browser in order to establish
```

the TLS connection.

> The first time you access LiqoDash, it's likely that the browser you are using will show you a page explaining

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The first time you access LiqoDash, it is likely that your browser will show you a page warning
```

In order to bind the dashboard with you OIDC provider, you have to edit the dashboard _configmap_, which represents the structure that contains the Dashboard configuration.
To do so, run the following command:
```
kubectl edit -n liqo configmap liqo-dashboard-configmap
```
You should see a YAML representation of the configmap, such as the following: 
```
# Please edit the object below. Lines beginning with a '#' will be ignored,
# and an empty file will abort the edit. If an error occurs while saving this file will be
# reopened with the relevant failures.
#
apiVersion: v1
...
  name: liqo-dashboard-configmap
  namespace: liqo
  resourceVersion: "012345"
  selfLink: /api/v1/namespaces/liqo/configmaps/liqo-dashboard-configmap
  uid: 8e48f478-993d-11e7-87e0-901b0e532516
data:
  apiserver_url: https://127.0.0.1:35609
  oidc_client_id: ""
  oidc_client_secret: ""
  oidc_provider_url: ""
  oidc_redirect_uri: ""
kind: ConfigMap
```
Change the values under ``data`` and save the file.
Then, restart the dashboard:
```
kubectl rollout restart deployment liqo-dashboard -n liqo
```
From now on, any attempt to login will be redirected to your OIDC provider for the authentication.

> **NOTE: you can always revert to the token login authentication editing the configmap.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**NOTE: you can always revert to the token login authentication by editing the configmap.**
```
